[CIVIS-7933] Add codeowners to Junit XML documentation (#20611)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/junit_xml.md

: The name of the device being tested.<br/>
**Examples**: `iPhone 12 Pro Simulator`, `iPhone 13 (QA team)`

## Adding code owners

> To add [codeowners][11] information to your Junit XML tests, you can use our Github integration to read the `CODEOWNERS` file
> in your repository or provide some additional information manually.
> 
> The end result is that the Junit XML tests will have the tag `test.codeowners` with the owner of that test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add [codeowners][11] information to your JUnit XML tests, you can use the [GitHub integration][16] to read the `CODEOWNERS` file in your repository or provide some additional information manually.

As a result, the JUnit XML tests have a `test.codeowners` tag with the owner of those tests.
```

> ### Using the Github integration (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the GitHub integration (recommended)
```

To automatically add the `test.codeowners` tag to your tests, you need to:
1. Have a `CODEOWNERS` file [in one of the allowed locations][15] in your repository.

> 2. Provide the tests source file in your Junit XML report. This is currently done automatically with the following plugins:
>    phpunit, and most of python and ruby plugins (pytest, unittest, ruby minitest, ...). These plugins will add the
>    `file` attribute to the `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements in the XML report. If the XML does not have the `file` attribute,
>    you will need to [provide the source file manually](#manually-providing-the-testsourcefile-tag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Provide the tests source file in your JUnit XML report. The following plugins do this automatically and add the `file` attribute to the `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements in the XML report:
    
    * phpunit
    * Most Python plugins (pytest, unittest)
    * Most Ruby plugins (ruby minitest)
    
    If the XML does not have the `file` attribute, you need to [provide the source file manually](#manually-providing-the-testsourcefile-tag).
```

>    Example of valid report:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example of a valid report:
```

  {{< code-block lang="xml" >}}
  <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
  <testsuite name="suite">
    <testcase name="test_with_file" file="src/commands/junit" />
  </testsuite>
  {{< /code-block >}}

> 3. Enable the [Github app][12]. If you do not have a Github app: follow the steps in the next section. If you already have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the [GitHub app][12]. If you do not have a GitHub app, follow the steps in the next section. If you already have
```

>    a Github app: enable the `Contents: Read` permission so we can read the `CODEOWNERS` file. Once enabled, you might need to
>    wait a few minutes for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a GitHub app, enable the `Contents: Read` permission so Datadog can read the `CODEOWNERS` file. Once enabled, wait a few minutes for the changes to take effect.
```

> Note that Github is the only supported git provider for this feature at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Github is the only supported Git provider.
```

#### Configure a GitHub App

> The Junit XML uses a private [GitHub App][12] to read the `CODEOWNERS` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JUnit XML uses a private [GitHub App][12] to read the `CODEOWNERS` file.
```

1. Go to the [GitHub integration tile][13].
2. Click **Link GitHub Account**.
3. Follow the instructions to configure the integration for a personal or organization account.
4. In **Edit Permissions**, grant `Contents: Read` access.

> 5. Click **Create App in GitHub** to finish the app creation process GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Create App in GitHub** to finish the app creation process on GitHub.
```

6. Give the app a name, for example, `Datadog CI Visibility`.
7. Click **Install GitHub App** and follow the instructions on GitHub.

### Manually providing the `test.source.file` tag

> This is an alternative to using the Github integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an alternative to using the GitHub integration.
```

For those plugins that do not provide the `file` attribute in the XML report, you can provide the `test.source.file` tag.
There is no need to provide the exact path to a specific file, [you can use any syntax you would use in the CODEOWNERS file][14]
such as `src/myTeamFolder` or `*.md`.

> There are multiple ways to provide us with this tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to provide the `test.source.file` tag:
```

There are multiple ways to provide the `test.source.file` tag:

> 1. Using the [`--tags` parameter or the `DD_TAGS` environment variable](#configuration-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the [`--tags` parameter or the `DD_TAGS` environment variable](#configuration-settings).
```

   ```shell
   datadog-ci junit upload --service service-name --tags test.source.file:src/myTeamFolder my_report.xml
   ```

>    This will add the `test.source.file` tag to all the tests in the report and hence all the tests will have the same owner(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This adds the `test.source.file` tag to all the tests in the report. All of the tests will have the same owner(s).
```

   This adds the `test.source.file` tag to all the tests in the report. All of the tests will have the same owner(s).

> 2. If you want to provide different source files for the same XML report, you can use [property elements](#Providing-metadata-through-property-elements) or set the `file` attribute manually to individual `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to provide different source files for the same XML report, you can use [property elements](#Providing-metadata-through-property-elements) or set the `file` attribute manually to individual `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements.
```

> 2. If you want to provide different source files for the same XML report, you can use [property elements](#Providing-metadata-through-property-elements)
>    or even set the `file` attribute manually to individual `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you want to provide different source files for the same XML report, you can use [property elements](#Providing-metadata-through-property-elements) or set the `file` attribute manually to individual `<testcase>` or `<testsuite>` elements.
```

[7]: /getting_started/site/
[8]: https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_syntax.asp
[10]: /continuous_integration/tests/code_coverage/?tab=junitreportuploads
[11]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners
[12]: https://docs.github.com/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/about-apps
[13]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/
[14]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners#codeowners-syntax

> [15]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners#codeowners-file-location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[15]: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners#codeowners-file-location
[16]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/
```
